README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# hubAdmin <a href="https://hubverse-org.github.io/hubAdmin/"><img src="man/figures/logo.png" align="right" height="131" alt="hubAdmin website" /></a>

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
[![hubAdmin status
badge](https://hubverse-org.r-universe.dev/badges/hubAdmin)](https://hubverse-org.r-universe.dev/hubAdmin)
[![CRAN
status](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/hubAdmin)](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=hubAdmin)
[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/hubverse-org/hubAdmin/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hubverse-org/hubAdmin/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml)

<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of hubAdmin is to provide a set of utility functions for
administering hubverse Hubs.

This package is part of the [hubverse](https://hubverse.io/en/latest/)
ecosystem, which aims to provide a set of tools for infectious disease
modeling hubs to share and collaborate on their work.

## Installation

> [!NOTE]  
> If you have any problems with installation of package `V8` (more
> likely on Linux), please consult the [V8 installation
> instructions](https://github.com/jeroen/V8#installation).

### Latest

You can install the [latest version of hubAdmin from the
R-universe](https://hubverse-org.r-universe.dev/hubAdmin):

``` r
install.packages("hubAdmin", repos = c("https://hubverse-org.r-universe.dev", "https://cloud.r-project.org"))
```

### Development

If you want to test out new features that have not yet been released,
you can install the development version of hubAdmin from
[GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("hubverse-org/hubAdmin")
```

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the hubAdmin package is released with a [Contributor
Code of Conduct](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By contributing to this
project, you agree to abide by its terms.

## Contributing

Interested in contributing back to the open-source Hubverse project?
Learn more about how to [get involved in the Hubverse
Community](https://hubverse.io/en/latest/overview/contribute.html) or
[how to contribute to the hubAdmin package](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

Add link to development version documentation to README

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# hubAdmin <a href="https://hubverse-org.github.io/hubAdmin/"><img src="man/figures/logo.png" align="right" height="131" alt="hubAdmin website" /></a>

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
[![hubAdmin status
badge](https://hubverse-org.r-universe.dev/badges/hubAdmin)](https://hubverse-org.r-universe.dev/hubAdmin)
[![CRAN
status](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/hubAdmin)](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=hubAdmin)
[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/hubverse-org/hubAdmin/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hubverse-org/hubAdmin/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml)

<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of hubAdmin is to provide a set of utility functions for
administering hubverse Hubs.

This package is part of the [hubverse](https://hubverse.io/en/latest/)
ecosystem, which aims to provide a set of tools for infectious disease
modeling hubs to share and collaborate on their work.

## Installation

> \[!NOTE\]  
> If you have any problems with installation of package `V8` (more
> likely on Linux), please consult the [V8 installation
> instructions](https://github.com/jeroen/V8#installation).

### Latest

You can install the [latest version of hubAdmin from the
R-universe](https://hubverse-org.r-universe.dev/hubAdmin):

``` r
install.packages("hubAdmin", repos = c("https://hubverse-org.r-universe.dev", "https://cloud.r-project.org"))
```

### Development

If you want to test out new features that have not yet been released,
you can install the development version of hubAdmin from
[GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("hubverse-org/hubAdmin")
```

You can also [**view the development version
documentation**](https://hubverse-org.github.io/hubAdmin/dev/).

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the hubAdmin package is released with a [Contributor
Code of Conduct](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By contributing to this
project, you agree to abide by its terms.

## Contributing

Interested in contributing back to the open-source Hubverse project?
Learn more about how to [get involved in the Hubverse
Community](https://hubverse.io/en/latest/overview/contribute.html) or
[how to contribute to the hubAdmin package](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).
